Add a note on how to disable the placement service (#4744)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/dapr-services/placement.md

}
```

> ## Disabling the Placement Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disabling the Placement service

```

> The dapr placement service can be disabled with the following setting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Placement service can be disabled with the following setting:

```

```
global.actors.enabled=false
```

> Keep in mind that this will not only disable actors, but also prevent workflows from working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that this will not only disable the Actors API, but also disable the Workflow API, given that workflows are powered by actors. That this setting only applies in Kubernetes mode, however initializing Dapr with `--slim` excludes the Placement service from being deployed in self-hosted mode. 
```

> Also note that this setting does not apply when running dapr in self-hosted mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on running Dapr on Kubernetes, visit the [Kubernetes hosting page](https://docs.dapr.io/operations/hosting/kubernetes/).
```

}
```

## Disabling the Placement service

The Placement service can be disabled with the following setting:

```
global.actors.enabled=false
```

> Keep in mind that this will not only disable the Actors API, but also disable the Workflow API, given that workflows are powered by actors. This setting only applies in Kubernetes mode, however initializing Dapr with `--slim` excludes the Placement service from being deployed in self-hosted mode. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Placement service is not deployed with this setting in Kubernetes mode. This not only disables actor deployment, but also disables workflows, given that workflows use actors. This setting only applies in Kubernetes mode, however initializing Dapr with `--slim` excludes the Placement service from being deployed in self-hosted mode. 

```
